Handle multiple paths in `appdirs.site_config_dirs` on MacOS (#13280)
pypa/pip: news/12903.bugfix.rst

> Handle multiple paths in ``appdirs.site_config_dirs`` on MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support multiple global configuration paths returned by ``platformdirs`` on MacOS.
```
